# Trading

Fei Protocol will be fully operational post-genesis. The ways users can acquire FEI are by purchasing on our router/UI, on Uniswap, or directly on the bonding curve for advanced users and arbitrage bots. We'll be working on a feature which optimizes the trading price of our UI by going to the bonding curve if it has a better deal. Users can sell FEI for ETH PCV only through our router contract. This also means that LPing the primary FEI/ETH Uniswap pool is not possible. The router is accessible via our UI, where we have parameters to protect against slippage and bound penalties. Due to a vulnerability in the way direct incentives are calculated on user's balances, we have blocked all FEI transfers into the pair that don't go through our router or an internal contract. An attacker could transfer FEI directly from a pool such as a different uniswap LP pool. This would cause the pool to pay the seller's burn. The vulnerability arises due to the penalty being paid by the sender's remaining balance as opposed to "fee-on-transfer" on the in-flight balance. We plan on transitioning to a fee-on-transfer model once we have gathered more on-chain data related to the mechanism. Note that secondary markets both in ETH or other pairs will arise and are unaffected by this issue. This only affects FEI going into the primary incentivized FEI/ETH pool on Uniswap. 

The Fei Protocol DAO will also be fully functional post-launch. We are using the same governance contracts as Compound and Uniswap with some minor tweaks. Thanks to the pioneering efforts of these two teams, we can start out with a high degree of decentralization. The Fei Core team will maintain a multi-sig which has the ability to shut down certain features of Fei Protocol including the bonding curve, reweighting, and direct incentives. This will only be used in an emergency, and we plan on transitioning this ownership to a community council as soon as possible.  


